Overview
--------
An application built in .NET Framework MVC 5 with n-tier architecture with a SQL Server database, back end.  The application is made to allow churches
and specifically pastors to keep track of information on the church, pastor, parishoner, and visitrs.

User-Story
----------
As an adjunct to planning and wire-framing a user story was created to guide the development of the Ministry Planner.

Pastor Aaron wants a database system that will assist in capturing data on his church so that he may closely track visitgors so that he may visit
them and discuss if they would like to pursue membership with the church.  He also would like to be able to know who is currently a member of the church
so that he may keep a close connection with them.  Further, he would like to maintain data on the church building so that he can share the information with
other churches.

Technologies Employed
---------------------
- Visual Studio Community 2019
- MVC5
-n-tier architecture
- SQL Server
- CSharp

Installation and Setup
----------------------
Requirements: Visual Studio and web browser

Create a new folder where you would like the project and associated files to be located.

Instructions
------------
Upon starting the application the individual using the application must click on the Register button in the top right corner of the application.

Create a new user with the following steps:
1. Click on the Register link to get to the registration page
2. Complete the registration form.
3. Click the Regiester button to gain access to the system.

Church:
1. If you would like to create a new church record, edit a church record, or delete a church record click on the Churches link.
2. Click on the Create New link and complete the form you are taken to in order to create a church record.
3. If you want to edit a church record click on the edit link for the record you want to edit.  Complete the form you are taken to and click the Save button.
4. To view the complete details for a church click on the Details link for the record you want details on.  You can choose to edit details from the screen you are brought to
   or you may click the Back to List link to be taken back to the Church main page.
5. If you woul5d like to delete a record, click on the Delete link for the record you want to delete.  When you are on the Delete page click the Delete button to delete the record.
   If you do not want to delete the record click on Back to List to be returned to the Churches main page.

Pastor:
1. If you would like to create a new pastor record, edit a pastor record, or delete a pastor record click on the Pastors link.
2. Click  the Create New link and complete the form you are taken to in order to create a pastor record.
3. If you want to edit a pastor record click on the edit link for the record you want to edit.  Complete the form you are taken to and click the Save button.
4. To view the complete details for a church click on the Details link for the record you want details on.  You can choose to edit details from the screen you are brought to
   or you may click the Back to List link to be taken back to the Pastor main page.
5. If you would like to delete a record, click on the Delete link for the record you want to delete.  When you are on the Delete page click the Delete button to delete the record.
   If you do not want to delete the record click on Back to List to be returned to the Pastors main page.

Parishoner:
1. If you would like to create a new parishoner record, edit a parishoner record, or delete a parishoner record click on the Parishoners link.
2. Click  the Create New link and complete the form you are taken to in order to create a parishoner record.
3. If you want to edit a parishoner record click on the edit link for the record you want to edit.  Complete the form you are taken to and click the Save button.
4. To view the complete details for a parsishoner click on the Details link for the record you want details on.  You can choose to edit details from the screen you are brought to
   or you may click the Back to List link to be taken back to the Parishoner main page.
5. If you would like to delete a record, click on the Delete link for the record you want to delete.  When you are on the Delete page click the Delete button to delete the record.
   If you do not want to delete the record click on Back to List to be returned to the Parishoner main page.

Visitor:
1. If you would like to create a new vistior record, edit a visitor record, or delete a visitor record click on the Visitors link.
2. Click  the Create New link and complete the form you are taken to in order to create a visitor record.
3. If you want to edit a visitor record click on the edit link for the record you want to edit.  Complete the form you are taken to and click the Save button.
4. To view the complete details for a visitor click on the Details link for the record you want details on.  You can choose to edit details from the screen you are brought to
   or you may click the Back to List link to be taken back to the Visitor main page.
5. If you would like to delete a record, click on the Delete link for the record you want to delete.  When you are on the Delete page click the Delete button to delete the record.
   If you do not want to delete the record click on Back to List to be returned to the Parishoner main page.

Resource:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mU6anWqZJcc&t=31887s = Learn HTML5 and CSS3 from Scratch

Azure link: https://ministryplannerwebmvc.azurewebsites.net/
